Upgrade sp1 to 6.2.1 (#2875)
Sovereign-Labs/sovereign-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# 2026-05-15

> - #PR_NUMBER Upgrades SP1 crates from 6.1.0 to 6.2.1. Centralizes the `sp1-*` and `slop-algebra` workspace dependencies in the root `Cargo.toml`; the upgrade also drops the transitive `halo2` / `zkhash` chain, allowing the `halo2` proprietary-license exception to be removed from `deny.toml`. Stale Plonky-3 / SP1 v5 entries in `.cargo/config.toml` are refreshed to match the v6 architecture.

Author: ```suggestion
- #2875 Upgrades SP1 crates from 6.1.0 to 6.2.1. Centralizes the `sp1-*` and `slop-algebra` workspace dependencies in the root `Cargo.toml`; the upgrade also drops the transitive `halo2` / `zkhash` chain, allowing the `halo2` proprietary-license exception to be removed from `deny.toml`. Stale Plonky-3 / SP1 v5 entries in `.cargo/config.toml` are refreshed to match the v6 architecture.
```
